At 1Password, we are committed to enabling everyone—from individuals to small businesses and enterprises—to secure their digital lives effortlessly. We are looking for an engineering leader for our Platform Engineering organization. Platform Engineering makes scalability simplified. We support 1Password’s ability to innovate rapidly, operate reliably, and scale effortlessly. In particular, this role will be supporting our Compute, Traffic, and State Platforms – the core pieces of our infrastructure that the rest of 1Password builds on top of. If you're passionate about leading engineering teams and building scalable, innovative solutions, we want to hear from you.

This is a remote opportunity within Canada and the US.

What We're Looking For

    Experience leading teams of managers and software engineers (20+) delivering cross-functional infrastructure projects. You should have a track record of building high-performing engineering teams from the ground up and mentoring leaders across both technical and management tracks.
    A passion for aligning backend, infrastructure, and internal engineering initiatives with business goals. You don’t just build useful software, you build software that is useful and used.
    A strong foundation as a hands-on infrastructure engineer, with experience in building resilient, reliable software and infrastructure. Your background should enable you to contribute to technical discussions and empower your teams to make tough decisions on their own. Familiarity with Kubernetes, RDS, EKS, CloudWAN, AWS Aurora, MySQL, Kafka, and other related technologies is a plus.
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will need to drive discussions with both technical and non-technical audiences and serve as a spokesperson for the team.
    A data-driven leader who thrives on identifying opportunities, experimenting with new ideas, and scaling solutions that align with 1Password’s broader goals. You bring a focus on continuous improvement.
    Experience working with peers in engineering, product, and other departments to drive cross-functional alignment. You’ll help prioritize initiatives, resolve dependencies, and drive consensus across multiple teams and stakeholders.

What You Can Expect

    Support and set the strategic direction for teams delivering software and infrastructure that contributes to our mission. You'll collaborate with senior leaders to ensure your team’s objectives align with the company’s long-term goals.
    Grow technical contributors and managers to reach their full potential. Recruit and retain top talent in a fast-growing environment, partnering with the Talent team to build high-performing engineering teams.
    Whether you're driving scalability, reliability, or making systems more simple to use, you'll own the delivery of high-impact projects that matter.
    Create an engaging technical vision for your area. You'll resolve conflicts, drive alignment, and ensure your team’s work supports broader company objectives.
    Operate autonomously, prioritize effectively, and make judgment calls on complex, multi-team initiatives. Your ability to scope and lead projects will be key to your success.
    Support your teams through change. 1Password is a rapidly growing and evolving company and change is a constant.
