Full job description
About GitHub: As the global home for all developers, GitHub is the complete AI-powered developer platform to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 150+ million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, use GitHub to collaborate and experiment across 420+ million repositories. With all the collaborative features of GitHub, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write faster, better code.
Locations: In this role you can work from Remote, United States
Overview:
GitHub is growing its Software Engineering team and we’re seeking experienced professionals to enhance our engineering team’s efforts. As a Dir, Software Engineering, you will collaborate with stakeholders to determine feature requirements and enforce code review standards. The ideal candidate will influence project outcomes through your expertise in architecture design, software development, data analysis, and experience collaborating and communicating effectively with a diverse set of stakeholders.
Responsibilities:

    Guide teams in developing technical solutions and creating comprehensive architecture and solution design documents, ensuring alignment with security and compliance requirements.
    Establish and enforce guidelines for code reviews that meet GitHub's quality standards, ensuring code reliability, accuracy, and scalability across products and solutions.
    Drive project plans, release plans, and work items in coordination with stakeholders, breaking down long-term project visions into actionable milestones and ensuring resource alignment.
    Lead efforts to integrate automation within production and deployment processes, optimizing deployments to meet diverse business objectives while adhering to GitHub's deployment standards.
    Act as an expert in live service operations, developing playbooks and processes to resolve complex issues, and ensuring responses are within Service Level Objectives (SLO) timeframes.
    Facilitate cross-team communications, identify dependencies, and resolve conflicts to ensure seamless integration and support across products, applications, and services.
    Drive employee growth and development, manage performance, and ensure the engineering team's skills remain current by staying abreast of industry developments and best practices.
    Define and drive the technical strategy for the organization, ensuring alignment with business goals.
    Identify potential risks in engineering projects and develop strategies to mitigate them. Ensure that all engineering practices comply with industry standards and regulations, maintaining a high level of security and privacy.
    Collaborate with other departments such as Product, Design, and Marketing to ensure alignment on product development goals and timelines.

Qualifications:
Preferred Qualifications:

    9+ years' experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python,
        OR Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 8+ years' experience in Software Engineering Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python,
        OR bachelor's degree in computer science or related field AND 7+ yea experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python,
        OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 5+ years' experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python,
        OR Doctorate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 3+ years' experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python,
        OR equivalent experience.
    3+ years of people management experience.

Preferred Qualifications:

    In-depth knowledge of modern software architectures, such as microservices and cloud-native solutions, and experience in implementing these at scale.
    Strong understanding of business strategy and financial management, with the ability to align engineering projects with business objectives and manage budgets effectively.
    Experience leading diverse engineering teams in a fast-paced environment, with a track record of successfully delivering complex projects on time and within budget

Compensation Range: The base salary range for this job is USD $140,400.00 - USD $372,300.00 /Yr.

These pay ranges are intended to cover roles based across the United States. An individual's base pay depends on various factors including geographical location and review of experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant. At GitHub certain roles are eligible for benefits and additional rewards, including annual bonus and stock. These rewards are allocated based on individual impact in role. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn sales incentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the plan and the employee's role. GitHub Leadership Principles:

GitHub values

    Customer-obsessed
    Ship to learn
    Growth mindset
    Own the outcome
    Better together
    Diverse and inclusive

Manager fundamentals

    Model
    Coach
    Care

Leadership principles

    Create clarity
    Generate energy
    Deliver success

Who We Are: GitHub is the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 million developers and counting. We’re also home to the biggest open-source community on earth (and 99% of the world’s software has open-source code in its DNA). Many of the apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.
Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, driving humanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (and beyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your best work. We’re remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growth opportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are—because we know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.
Join us, and let’s change the world, together.
EEO Statement: GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate! 